Add updated publish documentation section (#121)
bump-sh/docs: src/_help/publish-documentation/index.md

---

> title: Publish documentation

Reviewer: Shouldn't we add links to the different sections directly from this page?

---

- TOC
{:toc}

Publishing documentation is the step between your API definition and human-readable documentation.

Bump.sh offers various tools to simplify this process.

> Deploying your API definition files can be done in several ways, through our website, API, or by integrating with your CI pipeline. You can choose between automatic deployments or manual validation to have more control over the published content or share work-in-progress variants with your team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploying your API documents can be done in several ways, through our website, API, CLI, or by integrating with your CI pipeline. You can choose between automatic releases or manual validation to have more control over the published content or share work-in-progress variants with your team.
```

> This section also covers the concept of branching, which allows you to have multiple versions of an API (such as v1.0/v2.0 or production and staging).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section also covers the concept of branching, which allows you to have multiple versions and environments of an API (such as v1.0/v2.0 or production and staging).
```
